welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the much-awaited
finally mechanical keyboard from
Logitech in the G series this is the g7
10 plus it uses Cherry MX brown switches
which are a balance between sort of a
tactile feel and quiet which is a factor
for your more mainstream customer so the
g7 10 plus is almost that that balanced
approach between what the keyboard
enthusiasts like which tends to be your
cherry MX blues and what the sort of
more mainstream customer would want
which is a keyboard that doesn't make a
whole lot of noise in fact I have a new
co-worker who was looking at the Cherry
MX blue keyboard in my office and he was
like oh yeah it's the stupidest thing
I've ever seen it's so loud can't Kevin
can't get me can't can't can't get it
it's stupid I'm like well no it's a
typing experience and he's like nah
that's the dumbest thing I ever heard
so going with something like MX browns
may be a very good approach although
we'll have to try it to find out for
sure
110 key anti-ghosting which means no
matter what
typing combinations you hit you're not
going to have any random keystrokes pop
up 26 key rollover which means you can
put both hands and your face all over
the keyboard it's going to register
every stroke game slash desktop mode so
that's probably basically just turning
off the windows button
you know likelihood dedicated media
controls this is the kind of thing that
a lot of mechanical keyboards don't have
because they tend to be very basic
designs whereas a logitech I'm expecting
all the bells and whistles adjustable
dual zone backlighting so there's the
rest of the keyboard and then there's
just the WASD Keys six programmable G
keys with 18 total functions you have
three memory keys for switching between
different profiles high speed low noise
tactile switches for feedback you can
feel which is exactly what I spent the
first part of the video saying I am like
super super excited about this because
if there's anyone who knows how to build
input devices it is Logitech and if
there's anyone who likes mechanical key
switches it is slick followed by me
I like them but not quite as much as he
does I mean he's like like he's like
sitting over there and I can see the
drool coming out of the side of his
mouth just looking at this keyboard
because he is he walked in today and he
saw the keyboard ready to be unboxed and
he was like oh yeah you know yeah I'm
not that excited about it cuz you know
cherry brown switches and he's a cherry
blue guy and then after like five
minutes of we're talking about
completely other unrelated things he
just kind of turns to me he's like yeah
I know I'm really excited about this
keyboard you have to hurry up and unbox
it yeah he was trying to talk himself
out of it cuz he knows he can't afford
it right now he's still in school just
like diesel the intern which is why it's
hard for me to get any videos done
because these guys schedules are
absolutely terrible and they're
impossible to work with both of them I
should just fire them both no yeah I
know right
alright so like most logitech keyboards
you actually get accessories included
with it like your wrist rest whereas
most of the sort of booty key brand
mechanical keyboard guys don't include
any extraneous stuff like wrist rests or
keyboard backlights or you know fancy
looking cables and all that kind of kind
of jazz so we've got two USB plugs here
one is for the keyboard itself and one
is for a probably a pass through USB
yeah so that pass through is up here at
the top so you plug that into your mouse
or you could not plug it into your mouse
and you could just use it for like a USB
key or whatever else because it'll be
running at full USB 2 speed because it's
just a pass-through and it's not an
actual hub look at all the cable
management options they've built into
this so you could have a wire running
for your headset under here through here
through here and then run that down to
the back of your computer like that so
it actually comes out at sort of a
sensible location instead of just
draping over your keyboard that's
awesome and all of the huge rubber
non-slip pads on the bottom of this
keyboard these are very well-built these
are very high quality rubber you know
guaranteed they won't break and cause
problems like your
we're moving around also you've got feet
right here which do not have rubber pads
on them unfortunately i've seen ones in
the past that do but these ones don't
however it should still not go anywhere
because of the rubber pads here and here
that are still going to be down on the
table so you can either incline the
keyboard or you cannot if you prefer
more flat typing experience there's some
flex here in the wrist rest so you don't
have to worry too much about which way
it's oriented or how flat the surface
you have it on is all right ah you got
your programmable G keys oh you know
what I've never actually typed on browns
before they're quiet but they do have
more feedback than blacks I'll give them
that not nearly as much as blues I think
I have a blue keyboard right here yeah
here's a blue Philco right here so for
comparison here's the sound this is what
I was talking about we're logitech's
probably going for like a compromise
between that kind of a click and that
kind of a sound so membrane keys are
pretty much always quiet but then also
just loops okay well we'll put that away
for now they also just feel so mushy and
you don't have that that response
whereas these ones you can feel after
here you got to get in really close for
this so you push it down a little bit
and the key hasn't registered yet and
right there you can you can feel the
mechanical switch there's a there's a
pressure point there so you don't
actually have to bottom them out and
mash them in order to type on on Browns
you can press them quite softly and
you'll still have a good typing
experience but it's not loud and I'd
have to I'd have to sit and I'd have to
actually use it for a long time to know
for sure what I think but let's go ahead
and plug it into something so we can
have a look at the backlight now there's
not many keyboards that I'd be
considering proper gaming mechanical
keyboards but the Corsair k9t as well as
the g7 10 plus would be the ones that
I'd say are more applicable now k9t uses
red switches red switches are very
linear so you know that sort of that
buckling point that I showed you on the
Logitech one that doesn't exist on
them on the Corsairs you don't actually
see where the key depress happens some
people find this less helpful for typing
whereas on Browns you really do have a
little bit more feedback coming into
your hands on sort of what you're
actually typing neither of them are as
responsive again as blues which I showed
you before but there aren't any sort of
fully featured keyboards like this where
you've got things like macro keys and a
full software suite that goes with it
that are mechanical keyboards so this is
what we've got to work with okay
advantages g7 ten plus number one is
these buttons and these buttons are all
mechanical on the Corsair keyboard
whoopsie daisies on the Corsair keyboard
the programmable keys and the F keys as
well as these keys are not mechanical
okay another kind of cool thing about
the Logitech keyboard is the course r1
has three brightness levels one two
three and it does get pretty bright
the Logitech one looks like it has two
three four four brightness levels okay
white backlight so it's up to you if you
prefer white or blue personally I prefer
blue you can switch between different
profiles for the G keys here so you can
program three full sets of functions I
personally don't see much value to
having this many programmable keys on
the left of the keyboard because I'm not
going to be able to reach them in the
heat of battle anyway this is probably a
good balance okay here you can control
the brightness of either just the wasds
or just the rest of the keyboard using
two dedicated buttons up here you've got
built-in media control keys on both of
them built-in volume key knobs on both
of them those are both working just fine
mute button mute button so they're very
similar in terms of their features it
just comes down to what's the overall
build quality that's actually very good
Wow
that's comparable to to something like a
Philco or a ducky there's no flex to
this thing at all that's outstanding
although it doesn't have a metal
backplane the same way that the k9t does
so the k9d does have a little bit less
flex on the backplane but the overall
construction of this feels very good
like not quite I don't think we
kill a man with it but pretty darn
pretty darn close aesthetics of it are
great I think the orange accent here is
outstanding I wouldn't mind if this
instead of being a glossy black was sort
of a less glossy black however it
doesn't seem to be too much of a grease
or dust magnet so far just kind of sort
of pick at it a little bit see how gross
it gets and it looks like it cleans off
pretty easily there's a lot more to
glossy finishes than just glossy or not
glossy and this appears to be a very
high quality one I think that pretty
much covers everything that I can say
about the g7 10 plus so Amanda gist for
Logitech are going to be the cherry
brown switches are going to be their
very mature software platform that they
have for their gaming peripherals as
well as the fact that when it comes to
true gaming keyboards fully featured
gaming keyboards out there there's not a
whole lot of choice for mechanical and
if I was going to pick one I would
definitely go with cherry Browns /
cherry Reds thanks for checking out this
unboxing and first look don't forget to
subscribe for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos